Hello everyone, this is Mr. Brain Junkie here!
And today we'll be talking about a fantasy
action film called Bleach!
Be ready for some spoilers ahead!
Somewhere in the country side of Japan, Ichigo
is walking home with his mother on a rainy
day.
The boy sees a young girl in white dress standing
on the edge of the river, and wonders why
she's there by herself.
Ichigo runs to offer the girl help, while
the boy's mother chases him closely behind,
telling him to stop.
Suddenly the girl turns around and causes
ichigo to faint.
When the boy wakes up, his mother is mortally
wounded after trying to protect him from the
girl, who turns out to be a vengeful spirit.
Many years later, Ichigo has grown up to be
a young man, and he's now used to the ability
of seeing spirits where ever he goes, even
trying to help them whenever he can.
He goes home that night after school and notices
a strange woman standing in the room as well.
It turns out that she's a soul reaper named
Rukia, and the woman's equally surprised that
Ichigo can sense her presence.
Their conversation is interrupted when the
soul reaper feels an evil presence close by,
causing ichigo to run downstairs to his family,
only to see his sister hiding in the corner
after hearing a scary voice.
Suddenly, an explosion breaks the walls and
a giant hand grabs onto the girl, taking her
away right in front of the main character.
Ichigo rushes outside immediately to save
his sister, only to see a large monster standing
in front of him.
The man gets knocked away like it's nothing,
while Rukia charges in and slashes the creature,
forcing it to drop the girl on top of Ichigo.
The woman explains that the monster is an
evil sprit known as a hollow, and it was attracted
by Ichigo's unusually high spiritual powers.
Before they can finish talking, the creature
attacks Rukia by launching its head, while
she blocks the monster and barely knocks it
back in time.
She tries to launch her own attacks, but is
quickly captured by the hollow as it charges
up a large amount of energy in its mouth.
Luckily, Rukia is able break free using her
spells, and knocks the monster flying in the
air, while she drops onto a car.
Ichigo runs towards the soul reaper and realizes
that she's badly hurt from the previous fight.
Rukia tells the man that she has to transfer
her death gods powers to Ichigo by stabbing
him, so that he may fight the monster and
save their souls.
Seeing that the creature has recovered so
quickly from the attack, the man has no choice
but to accept her offer as she stabs him using
her sword.
The hollow charges forward to attack, but
a shadow slashes the monster and lands closely
behind the giant.
It turns out that Ichigo has successfully
gained the powers of a soul reaper, as he
cuts off the spirit's arm in a single strike.
The monster charges in furiously, but Ichigo
is able to slash the hollow right in the middle,
splitting the creature in half as it vanishes
from the human world.
Ichigo wakes up the next day, thinking that
it was all a dream, but is quickly brought
back to reality after seeing a large hole
on the walls.
Surprisingly, his family seems to have lost
all their memories of the previous night,
and thinks that it was truck that broke in.
The man goes to school like usual, but after
seeing his friends in the classroom, he's
shocked to see Rukia walk in as well, pretending
to be a new student.
The girl grabs Ichigo right away and tells
him to not say a word, threatening to kill
him if he does.
Rukia explains that she can't go back to her
dimension known as the soul society, because
she accidentally gave all her powers to Ichigo.
She needs to get them back right away or else
she won't be able to fight any hollows and
be trapped here forever.
Rukia puts on a special glove and charges
towards Ichigo, pushing his soul out of his
body.
She grabs onto the man's giant sword and tells
him to stab it into her body, so that he can
release all his powers into her once again.
Unfortunately, the ritual didn't work as Ichigo's
energy level is apparently very impotent right
now.
The only way they can successfully transfer
the power is if the main got stronger through
training, or else his body will not survive
the process.
Ichigo is not very fond of this idea, as he
only wants to go back to his normal life.
He returns home later that day, only to find
that Rukia is hiding inside his closet as
she has no where to go.
Ichigo tells her to get out right now, but
she refuses, telling the man to accept his
fate.
Their argument is interrupted by Ichigo's
father, who barges in after hearing a woman's
voice.
He knocks the son away and opens the closet
doors, only to see that it's empty inside.
The father tells Ichigo to not bring any girls
home and warns him about the child supports
that he'll have to pay, speaking from the
man's own experience after having so many
kids.
Rukia begins training Ichigo the next day,
but the man is barely able to keep up and
clearly lacks the necessary motivations.
She gives Ichigo a wooden sword, and proceeds
to show him the art of kendo, but the main
character is not able to land even a single
hit as he swings the weapon like a mad man.
At the same time, a soul reaper with red hair
named Renji informs his captain Byakuya that
they have lost track of Rukia,
as her spiritual energy has vanished, suggesting
that she gave her powers away.
The captain orders the soul reaper to find
her whereabouts, as giving one's power to
a human is punishable by death.
At night, Ichigo is heading home from school,
but quickly notices a presence following behind
him.
He tells the soul reaper to show himself,
and Renji is surprised that the human can
actually see him.
The reaper demands to know the whereabouts
of Rukia, but Ichigo plays the fool and tries
to protect her, realizing that his friend
may be in trouble.
Renji becomes annoyed at the man's obvious
deceit, drawing his sword and rushing in to
attack.
Luckily, his attempt is quickly stopped by
a flying arrow that grazes over the reaper's
head, forcing him to hide, and giving Ichigo
the chance to escape.
The main character goes home and tells Rukia
about the other reaper, demanding to know
the truth, but the girl only tells him that
he has to train, or else he'll definitely
be killed.
The next day, Ichigo is confront by a man
in glasses named Ishida, who seems to know
about his soul reaper powers.
The man reveals that he also has unique powers
just like Ichigo, because he's from a tribe
known as the Quincy, who were mostly wiped
out by soul reapers.
Ishida shows the ability that that he possess
as he forms a bow using spiritual energy,
revealing that he was the one who saved Ichigo
last night.
He demands Ichigo to fight him in order to
avenge his people from the reapers, but the
man refuses even after being threatened.
With no other choice, Ishida plan to lure
out the hollows and force Ichigo to fight
by throwing a bait into the cities below.
Rukia senses the presence of evil spirits
and rushes towards Ichigo, forcing him to
become a soul reaper so that he can protect
the innocent people.
They rush towards the park, only to see the
soul of a boy that he saved earlier being
chased by a giant spider like monster.
Ichigo runs at the creature and attacks furiously
by using his giant sword, but the monster
is able to evade quickly, not allowing him
to land any effective hits.
The reaper is also able to dodge the attacks
from the monster as he runs desperately away
from the giant legs.
Eventually, Ichigo becomes tired and lowers
his guard, causing the hollow to land a strike
that knocks the reaper flying across the field.
Before the monster can finish the kill, it's
quickly cut in half by Renji, who's located
them by tracking their spiritual energies.
He turns towards Ichigo and rushes forward
using incredible speed, pointing his sword
towards the man before any reactions can occur.
Ichigo tries hitting back, but is knocked
flying towards a tree and quickly disabled
by a devastating kick in the face.
Before Renji can finish the man off, Rukia
rushes in and tells him stop, but this only
angers the reaper as he can't understand why
she wants to protect a lowly human.
Their arguments are interrupted when captain
Byakuya appears in front of them and reveals
that he's actually Rukia's brother.
He demands the girl to take her power from
Ichigo even if it means killing the man, as
this is the only way that her crimes can forgiven
by the soul society.
Rukia refuses as she doesn't believe in killing
a human who's innocent, especially since it
was her who put him in the current situation.
Seeing his sister's resolve, Byakuya gives
her until the next full moon to regain her
powers, or they'll kill Ichigo themselves.
Rukia quickly brings her friend back to his
body and heals him using her special herbs,
but Ichigo is unsure of what they can do next,
as the power difference is clearly too great.
As time goes on, Rukia also realizes that
Ichigo will never be ready, especially after
the damage he took from the previous fight.
She decides to gamble their chances by striking
a deal with her brother, telling the man that
they'll use Ichigo as bait to lure out a massive
hollow known as the Grand Fisher.
Rukia promises to slay the monster in order
to amend her crimes, and begs her brother
to spare Ichigo's life.
Despite the woman's pleads, her brother refuses
to grant her wish, and instead questions her
loyalty towards her family.
Renji becomes furious at Rukia's continuous
defiance, calling Ichigo nothing more than
trash and not worthy to be saved.
Their arguments are interrupted by Ichigo
who shouts for them to stop, after following
his friend to their location.
He agrees that he'll slay the Grand Fisher,
only if they promise to let Rukia go.
Renji decides to attack Ichigo right away,
but surprisingly, his captain stops him and
takes the deal, believing that the man would
be killed as a result.
Ichigo begins training with Rukia, and this
time he takes it very seriously unlike before,
as he wants prove his capabilities and most
importantly, to protect his friend.
The man is able to improve dramatically in
a short amount of time, even learning how
to control his spiritual pressure and use
it as a weapon.
They begins to look for the grand fisher,
as the monster should have picked up ichigo's
increase of spiritual energy.
The two follows the trails and arrive to see
a giant monster that eventually morphs into
the little girl that killed Ichigo's mother,
implying that they are the same creature.
Ichigo transforms into a soul reapers and
charges at the hollow, slashing it's tentacles
furiously using his sword.
He leaps forward and stabs the monster right
in the center, but soon notices that his mother
was the one who took the damage from the attack,
as the woman appears in front of him.
The man's inner guilt becomes the illusion
created by the monster, and he barely escapes
the attack in time thank to Rukia.
The hollow finally morphs into its true form
which resembles a giant beast, prompting Ichigo
to charge in with anger, trying to avenge
his mother.
The two arrives inside the city, and the monster
causes tremendous damage as it chases after
the soul reaper, destroying everything on
site.
The creature crashes into buildings and tosses
the people around, ravaging the entire city
as it tries to devour Ichigo.
The soul reaper tries desperately to avoid
the monster, but it's tentacles are difficult
to evade, forcing Ichigo to constantly defend
for his life.
The hollow is able to eventually grab onto
the man using its claws, trying to crush the
reaper under it's tremendous weight, but Ichigo
refuses to give up the fight.
Suddenly, an arrow is shot at the monster
and knocks it away from the man, revealing
that Ishida is here to help as well.
The Quincy dodges the creature's attacks and
fires numerous arrows, but the hollow is able
to deflect them easily.
While distracted, Ichigo charges at the monster
and runs underneath, cutting the creature
from below.
However, this seems to have only angered the
evil spirit as it screams furiously at the
sky, causing a giant tornado to form.
It strikes at both of them, forcing Ichigo
to hide inside a bus to avoid the attacks.
The monster follows the man and proceeds to
attack the reaper from the outside, eventually
grabbing onto Ichigo and lifting the entire
bus at the same time.
Ishida aims at the monster and shoots the
arrow, managing to strike the hollow right
on the eye.
The creature becomes furious and rips the
bus into pieces, but also giving Ichigo the
chance to strike from above and splitting
the monster's head, finally avenging his mother's
death.
The hollow scream in agony as it falls down
on the ground, vanishing quickly into thin
air.
Rukia rushes towards her friend to makes sure
that he's alright, while Ichigo returns her
warmness with a smile.
However, before they can celebrate, Ishida
is stabbed in the back by Renji, who's here
to finish the main character despite their
previous deal.
Byakuya gives the girl a final chance to redeem
herself and orders her to kill Ichigo, stating
the soul reapers should never befriend a human.
No matter how much her brother tries to convince
her, Rukia is not able to give up her friend,
causing the captain to order Renji to exterminate
both of them.
The soul reaper charges at Ichigo with the
intent to kill, forcing the man to defend
himself and Rukia at the same time.
Renji's attacks are too fast and vicious for
Ichigo to fend off continuously, eventually
sending him crashing towards the cars,
but unlike before, he's finally able to see
the reaper's movements, making victory now
a possibility.
Ichigo charges towards the enemy and the they
continue to exchange a barrage of strikes,
but the man is quickly forced into a defense,
not being able to counter any of the attacks.
Renji knocks Ichigo around and forces him
backwards, but this time he's able to throw
the enemy away and eventually lands a kick
on the reaper's body.
Renji becomes furious and strikes back immediately,
kicking ichigo in the face and knocking him
away using a devastating strike.
The soul reaper decides to finally show his
true power by releasing his sword Zabimaru
into the second form, and launching the weapon
towards Ichigo like spring.
The man dodges the attacks desperately as
he runs for his life, not being able to adjust
to the increased range from the enemy.
Renji eventually grabs onto Ichigo using his
sword and tosses the man away like a ragdoll
into the piles cars.
The reaper then throws a vehicle at Ichigo,
causing a large explosion upon impact, burning
everything in sight.
Before Renji's about to finish off Rukia,
Ichigo emerges from the chaos to everyone's
surprise, and assures the reaper that he won't
be defeated so easily.
Ichigo charges towards Renji and deflects
the attacks from the enemy, cutting through
the reaper's weapon and sents him crashing
into a bus.
Seeing that his man's is clearly defeated,
Byakuya decides to join the fight and tells
Renji to retreat.
Ichigo runs forward and slashes at the captain,
but the soul reaper disappears in front of
him and grabs onto his sword using only two
fingers.
The man tries to attack again, but is quickly
cut in the stomach by the captain and falls
towards the ground.
Surprisingly, before the captain leaves, Ichigo
manages to get up and attacks once more, but
his weapon is quickly stopped and he's cut
down with blinding speed.
Not matter how many times Ichigo falls, he
refuses to stay down as he needs to protect
Rukia no matter the cost.
Byakuya becomes frustrated at the man's stubbornness
and strikes him a final time across the face,
knocking Ichigo to ground once more.
Amazingly, the man refuses to give up and
grabs onto the captain, telling him that it's
not over.
The reaper become furious and finally decides
to kill Ichigo himself, but Rukia saves the
man by knocking him away, calling him a lowly
human.
She strikes her friend and prevents him from
getting up, telling Ichigo that she's tired
of him, while trying desperately to hold back
her tears.
Rukia promises her brother that she'll go
back to soul society and be judged for her
sins, so that they don't have to kill any
more people.
The woman takes Ichigo's sword and stabs it
into herself, taking away the man's power
as everything turns into white.
Ichigo wakes up the next day, with all his
wounds gone and feeling like everything was
a dream.
He goes back to school and sees all his friends,
but senses that someone very important is
missing.
He opens the textbook inside desk and sees
the writings from Rukia, causing him smile
once again.
So what do you guys think about this movie?
let me know in the comments below!
And if you like my video, please press like
and subscribe for more!
I'll see you guys next time!